Add key param support for helper Combiners (#25895)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

* Schema'd PTransforms can now be directly applied to Beam dataframes just like PCollections.
  (Note that when doing multiple operations, it may be more efficient to explicitly chain the operations
  like `df | (Transform1 | Transform2 | ...)` to avoid excessive conversions.)
* The Go SDK adds new transforms periodic.Impulse and periodic.Sequence that extends support
  for slowly updating side input patterns. ([#23106](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/23106))

## Breaking Changes

* If a main session fails to load, the pipeline will now fail at worker startup. ([#25401](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/25401)).
* Python pipeline options will now ignore unparsed command line flags prefixed with a single dash. ([#25943](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/25943)).

> * SmallestPerKey combiner requires specifying keyword only arguments 'key' and 'reverse'. ([#25888](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/25888)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SmallestPerKey combiner now requires keyword-only arguments for specifying optional parameters, such as `key` and `reverse`. ([#25888](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/25888)).
```
